He is the person who wiped out Yanzhou Island ten years ago
The old man has not been out of the mountain for many years
There is a little girl who still remembers me
You're good after I clean up this kid
Lao Hu will love you again
Zhang Rongsong, don't be careless.
This kid is the female reporter and Chen from that year
Cripple's Seed
He is the number one expert in the world, Standing Rusong
I heard 20 years ago
He has broken through to the pinnacle of Wujin
Now he is half a god
So it's this little bastard?
She looks just like your mother
Especially these eyes
Don't kick my mother with your dirty mouth
Your temper is also like your mother was really smooth back then
Although she was already out of breath
But her taste has kept the old man for so many years
Endless aftertaste
What's wrong with sister-in-law?
I'm angry, the angrier you are, the more excited I am.
Wife can't wait now
I want to taste if you taste like your mother
Master, this kid belongs to me